This poem is an adaptation from an audio I first listened to back in my A-level. I loved it so much that I wanted to share it on the assembly one morning. Sadly, that got to pass without me doing just that. Som I’ve decided to write about it and share it here, with you. I’ve made a few modifications of my own because that’s how I like it.


Here, we go
It hurts to love someone and not be loved in return. But what is more painful is to love someone and never find the courage to let that person know how you feel.
Maybe the universe wants us to meet a few wrong people before meeting the right one so that when we finally meet the right person, we will know how to be grateful for that gift.
  

Nathan Dumlao
Love is when you take away the feeling, the passion and the romance in a relationship and find out you still care for that person.
A sad thing in life is when you meet someone who means a lot to you and yet you find out in the end that it was never meant to be, and you just have to let go.
  

rawpixel
When the door of happiness closes, another opens but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one which has been opened for us.
The best kind of friend is the kind you can just be with, never say a word, and then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation you've ever had.
It is true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but, it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives.
  

mohammed elgassier
Giving someone all your love is never an assurance that they'll love you back. Don't expect love in return. Just wait for it to grow in their heart, but, if it doesn't, be content it grew in yours.
There are things you'd love to hear that you've never heard from the person whom you would like to hear them from, but, don't be so deaf as not to hear it from the one who says it from their heart.
Never say goodbye if you still want to try. Never give up if you still feel you can go on. Never say you don't love a person anymore if you can't let go.
Love comes to those who still hope although they've been disappointed. To those who still believe although they've been betrayed. To those who still need to love although they've been hurt before, and, to those who have the courage and faith to build trust again.
  

Noah Buscher
It takes only a minute to get a crush on someone, an hour to like someone and a day to love someone, but, it takes a lifetime to forget someone.
Don't go for looks, they can deceive. Don't go for riches, even that fades away. Go for someone who makes you smile because it only takes a smile to make a dark day seem bright. Hope you find that someone that makes you smile.
---Unknown source